README.md, before:

# WooCommerce POS (beta) #
**Contributors:** kilbot  
**Donate link:** https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=paul%40kilbot%2ecom%2eau  
**Tags:** woocommerce, pos, point-of-sale, vend, e-commerce  
**Requires at least:** 3.8 or higher  
**Tested up to:** 3.9  
**Stable tag:** 0.2.4  
**License:** GPLv2 or later  
**License URI:** http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html  

A simple front-end for taking WooCommerce orders at the Point of Sale.

## Description ##

Imagine [WooCommerce](http://www.woothemes.com/woocommerce/) and [Vend](http://www.vendhq.com/) had a baby. WooCommerce POS is a simple interface for taking orders using your WooCommerce store. No need to sync inventory between your online and bricks&mortar store, no need for monthly subscription fees.

### DEMO ###
You can see a demo of the WooCommerce POS plugin in action by going to [http://woopos.com.au/pos](http://woopos.com.au/pos) with `login/pass` : `demo/demo`

## Installation ##

### Automatic installation ###
1. Go to Plugins screen and select Add New., 2. Search for "WooCommerce POS" in the WordPress Plugin Directory., 3. Install the plugin, 4. Click Activate Plugin to activate it.

### Manual installation ###
To install a WordPress Plugin manually:

1. Download the WooCommerce POS plugin to your desktop., 2. If downloaded as a zip archive, extract the Plugin folder to your desktop., 3. With your FTP program, upload the Plugin folder to the wp-content/plugins folder in your WordPress directory online., 4. Go to Plugins screen and find the newly uploaded Plugin in the list., 5. Click Activate Plugin to activate it.

### Bleeding Edge ###
1. Install WooCommerce POS as described above., 2. Install [Wordpress Github Plugin Updater](https://github.com/jkudish/WordPress-GitHub-Plugin-Updater)., 3. Check for updates in your WordPress dashboard.

## Frequently Asked Questions ##

### Where can I find more information on WooCommerce POS? ###
There is more information on our website at [woopos.com.au](http://woopos.com.au)

### Where can I report bugs? ###
Bugs can be reported on the [WooCommerce POS GitHub repository](https://github.com/kilbot/WooCommerce-POS).

## Screenshots ##

### 1. WooCommerce POS main screen ###
![WooCommerce POS main screen](http://s.wordpress.org/extend/plugins/woocommerce-pos-(beta)/screenshot-1.png)


## Changelog ##

### 0.2 ###
* Proof of concept

## Upgrade Notice ##

* Upgrade for the latest fixes

Commit message:

version 0.2.4
fix for totals, pagination and admin notice

README.md, after:

# WooCommerce POS (beta) #
**Contributors:** kilbot  
**Donate link:** https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=paul%40kilbot%2ecom%2eau  
**Tags:** woocommerce, pos, point-of-sale, vend, e-commerce  
**Requires at least:** 3.8 or higher  
**Tested up to:** 3.9  
**Stable tag:** 0.2.4  
**License:** GPLv2 or later  
**License URI:** http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html  

A simple front-end for taking WooCommerce orders at the Point of Sale.

## Description ##

Imagine [WooCommerce](http://www.woothemes.com/woocommerce/) and [Vend](http://www.vendhq.com/) had a baby. WooCommerce POS is a simple interface for taking orders using your WooCommerce store. No need to sync inventory between your online and bricks&mortar store, no need for monthly subscription fees.

### BETA ###
This plugin has only just been released and should *not* be used on a production site. A [roadmap for development](http://woopos.com.au/roadmap) is available on our website, please feel free to request features or ask questions in the comments. Bug reports can be made through the website or via the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/kilbot/WooCommerce-POS/issues).

* Roadmap: http://woopos.com.au/roadmap
* GitHub: https://github.com/kilbot/WooCommerce-POS/

### DEMO ###
You can see a demo of the WooCommerce POS plugin in action by going to [http://woopos.com.au/pos](http://woopos.com.au/pos) with `login/pass` : `demo/demo`


## Installation ##

### Automatic installation ###
1. Go to Plugins screen and select Add New.
2. Search for "WooCommerce POS" in the WordPress Plugin Directory.
3. Install the plugin
4. Click Activate Plugin to activate it.

### Manual installation ###
To install a WordPress Plugin manually:

1. Download the WooCommerce POS plugin to your desktop.
2. If downloaded as a zip archive, extract the Plugin folder to your desktop.
3. With your FTP program, upload the Plugin folder to the wp-content/plugins folder in your WordPress directory online.
4. Go to Plugins screen and find the newly uploaded Plugin in the list.
5. Click Activate Plugin to activate it.

### Bleeding Edge ###
1. Install WooCommerce POS as described above.
2. Install [Wordpress Github Plugin Updater](https://github.com/jkudish/WordPress-GitHub-Plugin-Updater).
3. Check for updates in your WordPress dashboard.

## Frequently Asked Questions ##

### Where can I find more information on WooCommerce POS? ###
There is more information on our website at [woopos.com.au](http://woopos.com.au)

### Where can I report bugs? ###
Bugs can be reported on the [WooCommerce POS GitHub repository](https://github.com/kilbot/WooCommerce-POS).

## Screenshots ##

### 1. WooCommerce POS main screen ###
![WooCommerce POS main screen](http://s.wordpress.org/extend/plugins/woocommerce-pos-(beta)/screenshot-1.png)


## Changelog ##

### 0.2.4 ###
* Fix: Cart totals
* Fix: Notice about updating via github
* Fix: pagination weirdness

### 0.2 ###
* Proof of concept

## Upgrade Notice ##

* Upgrade for the latest fixes
